many of us have experience of joining
sports team we do our best on the sports
curve for interest for building
relationship and also proving ourselves
as well however there is no a complete
friendly used perform system to
recording for general sports enthusiasts
like you and me introducing team may
start from recording he may improve
chemical process and provide a system
for everyone to manage their personal
performance in addition everyone can
manage their team stuff and easily
preserve picture memory with shared
platform created by to me we want to
connect community of sports in a row run
now only basketball but also all the
other sports the last another list
teammates final goal is to promote
sporting atmosphere in our environment
you
let's see how to record in Rio game
after locking the app to the coding
interface the middle one is the player
who involved in this movement touch
other icon to switch the player then
record it immediately as for the
personal scenario user can view their
own profile picture and record
everything go check it and monitor
whether you get some press you can also
use to get match between community
creating some bust just like social
network we believe that having we're
recording record should happy with
privilege of national atlas instead it
should be for all the sports lover spark
your memory for food join us that you
can speak because each grade performance
and touching story worth spreading to
make a premium app for game recording
and team management